Okay, I'll go see how you kill me today
Hello boss wang
I'm at the gate of your Genting military industry now
Stopped by security
You see, okay, okay.
Pretend like
Call us Mr. Wang
Don't see what you are
Let me go
Mr. Wang, why are you here?
What concoction are you making?
Mr. Wang, three thieves have infiltrated here
I'm kicking them out
Dog eyes look down on people
This is my lord
If it weren't for him, I would have gone bankrupt
Mr. Wang, you can decide for yourself
You're fired.
I was wrong, Mr. Wang, don't fire me
I still have children at home and the elderly have to support me. It's wrong.
Mr. Lu will take you to work
Thank you here.
Second sister hurry up
Mr. Lu Ms. Lu
I have prepared a welcome banquet for you
Wait for me.
Ah!
How do I
How do I know who you are participating in me?
I must have sneaked in over the wall
The family is all about stealing chickens and dogs
If you don't take the right path, you have to climb over the wall
Second sister, ignore them
Make them again
I guess your family
I will never have the opportunity to see something like this in my life
High end place
This time, let you see enough at a time
Yo, why don't you talk?
Keep putting it on
I'd like to see the security come later
When can you install it?